🚧 Let DPoP proposed standard supplant client signing key (#10)
opentdf/spec: schema/ProofOfPosession.md

# Proof of Possession

In order to allow extended offline flows, and to deal with potential leaks of bearer tokens,
we enforce the use of proof of token possession, as currently described in 
[this IETF draft](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-oauth-dpop).

## What is this?

> The proof of possession works by having the client generate a key pair, which it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proof of possession works by having the client generate an ephemeral key pair, which it
```
